Update github.md (#486)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/getting-started/github.md

>See the getting started guides and [sample projects](../sample-projects/codemagic-sample-projects/) configured with [codemagic.yaml](../getting-started/yaml/) to set up your project. Alternatively, Flutter apps can be also configured using the [Flutter workflow editor](../flutter-configuration/flutter-projects/).

> > In order to access an open source Git extension for for versioning large files (Git LFS) during a build, `git lfs install --skip-smudge` needs to be put in a post-clone script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In order to access Git LFS (an open-source Git extension for versioning large files) during a build, add `git lfs install --skip-smudge` in a post-clone script.
```
